I might more super milk market Toyota
I'd like to talk to you today a little
bit about the try to Tacoma in
comparison with the Jeep Wrangler
Unlimited they might seem might say
that's a little not quite a comparison
but if you think about it it is because
it is Tacoma is a four-wheel drive truck
five passenger the unlimited is a
four-wheel drive five passenger vehicle
also taking the vehicles out hunting
taking them off road out to the beach
pulling your boat pulling your camper
those type of vehicles have a comparison
to go with you have more utility with
the truck because you have a little bit
more safety reliability and quality in
the truck compare it to the Jeep
yeah the Jeep is a lot of fun take the
top off do those kind of fun fun things
during the summer and everything but
when you're looking for quality and
reliability we need to go back to the
Tacoma let's talk about some of the
features of Tacoma has and the Jeep
doesn't have daytime running lights it's
not even available on the G it's a good
safety feature on the vehicle at those
morning and sunset times when you're
less visible the battery in this vehicle
if you're out hunting you're out camping
this has a 710 a.m. battery in it the
Jeep there's only a 600 and better need
that power if you're running some power
off the vehicle all night long doing
certain things on those camp outs and
what-have-you another safety feature on
the vehicles 62 zero
the Tacoma stops 24 feet shorter than
the Jeep Wrangler 24 feet I'm 6 feet
tall do the math imagine that accident
in 24 feet where you'd be if that was if
that was the case Bluetooth is standard
on the Tacoma it is an option on the
Jeep also a backup camera standard on
the Tacoma it is an option on the excuse
me it is not even available on the Jeep
yes with the top down and everything the
visibility still sits higher off the
ground you may not think you might not
need it but same token there is blind
spots in that vehicle also towing
capacity on this if you got the boat
you're doing the outdoor thing
Camby this is 6500 common
is only 35 for the coach got some
limitations with them also the chief
only comes in a four-wheel drive vehicle
if you were in an area where you don't
need four-wheel drive this is available
on a two-wheel drive or four-wheel drive
try to give you the options consumer
report this is a recommended vehicle in
based on reliability safety and
performance the Jeep has not been rated
by Consumer Reports in those regards
another thing on the Toyota you have
Toyota care two years or 25,000 miles
your maintenance is complementary that
is oil changes tire rotations roadside
assistance whatever is called for in the
maintenance guide of the book through
the manufacturer is covered under this
plan cheap does not offer that yes it's
it's a you might again think this is two
different vehicles that we're looking at
but you're also looking at those those
fun times being on a family vehicle you
want to have fun but you also want to
have safety you have all the airbags in
this the cheap has an option for side
curtain airbags it doesn't even come
standard with it again come out look at
the vehicles you owe it to yourself if
you're going to be doing these fun
things with your family
we go out we boat we do a lot of
different things camping you need to
come out and check the vehicle out in
from the comparison side thank you